You guys welcome to the last video in this project in this video we're going to be adding the custom
comment functionality.
All right if we go to one of the blog post and go to the bottom you see we have no comment functionality
.
So what we'll do is open up single dot PDP and let's go right under this and if we're going to say ph
the comments template.
OK so if we save that and we go and reload we have our comment section.
All right so it's a great post post comment and it works.
All right.
Now this will work as far as functionality goes but it doesn't look too good.
So I want to show you how we can customize this.
So what we're going to do is create a new page or a new file and we're going to call this comment start
p p k if we go back now and reload you'll see there's nothing here.
It's reading from this file.
If we say test reload we get test.
All right so it's up to us to customize how we want this to work.
So let's first of all put each to handle say comments.
All right.
And there's actually some helpful code in the documentation
for our W.P. list comments.
And this is what we want.
OK so we can create an argument array.
So I'm going to grab that.
OK.
So obviously most of the stuff we don't need.
But I mean it's not going to hurt us to keep it in there.
You'll see a lot of this is set to now.
But just in case you wanted to change anything later on.
All right.
I am going to change the Avatar size to Haiti make it a little bigger but that's really it.
The rest we can kind of leave.
All right.
Now this argument these arguments will get plugged into the W.P. list comments function.
So let's go ahead and do that
.
OK.
We're going to pass in args and comments.
All right so that takes care of the comments generally need to form.
So that can also take some arguments.
See if it's on this page
.
See that comment form.
That's all we want
.
So down at the bottom here I'm going to grab this code
paste that in.
This needs a peach tag.
All right so what we're doing is setting another argument array comments args actually let's call this
form args.
And then down here change this to form args.
OK so we can relate the label of the submit button.
What you want in the title reply field comment after comment notes after and then the comment field
itself which in this case they give you a paragraph with the class of comment form comment has a label
.
I don't think we really want to change anything here.
Let's go ahead and see what this does.
Will save it the load.
OK.
For the textarea I'm just going to add in couple attributes.
Calls will set calls to 45 and let's set rows to 8
.
All right that's good.
The rest of it will do in CSSA.
All right so what we're going to do now is go to style C Ss go down to the bottom and I'm going to paste
this in.
This is going to be the comment body.
Give it a border margin and padding.
We also want the matter which is this area here the avatar and then the date and all that stuff paste
that in.
OK we're going to add a dark background some padding.
The image I'm going to float to the left the time I add some margin to that next you want the comment
.
Body.
No we already did that.
We know that we want the Reply link King and it's going to format that to look like a button.
And then the form itself we need that as well so it's paste that in.
OK we'll get the form input in the text area or just setting with to 100 percent.
We're adding some padding border stuff like that.
So I'd save that and reload.
And there we go.
That looks a lot better.
It's typed something in here actually you know we can do is log out and different.
We're logged out.
Then we also have the name e-mail and Web site fields.
All right so I think that looks pretty good it looks a lot better than the default state.
This is a great article
.
And and there you go.
All right.
And since we weren't logged in and just it says it's waiting moderation and that that's good it's working
great.
So that's pretty much it.
Guys we're done.
Like I said this isn't the purpose of this project wasn't to build a beautiful theme it was to really
get you familiar with the different files that we need to create the syntax the different functions
things like that.
All right.
So hopefully you enjoyed this project and I'll see you in the next one.